---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Performing WODs
date: 2021-2-14
labels:
---

The objective of this WOD was to create a webpage that displayed a table that would compute values dynmically using variables and expressions. The purpose of this WOD is to teach students how to use variables and expressions, and to familiarize us with using Java Script and creating dynamic webpages. The table displayed was required to have five products, their prices, the quantity bought, sub-total of all items bought, the tax amount, and the total with tax added in. Please see the link to this WOD's page for further details https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html.

This WOD did go smoother than I expected. I had no trouble creating the variables and ensuring the correct totals from the expresions used. The part that I did have trouble with was creating the table, the second half of the WOD. I ended having to watch the screen cast after speding sometime tyring to figure it out on my own. After watching the screen cast I was able to understand and complete the WOD with ease. 

To prepare for this WOD I read the page and attempted it without recording my self, and before watching the screen cast. On that first attempt I was not worrying about time, but just understanding the steps. I was able to get up to the step where I needed to create the table, that is when I decided to watch the screen cast. After watching it I felt that I was able to do it in a reasonable time, and decided to record. On my second try I was able to complete this WOD in 25 minutes with a short error while I was creating my variables, but was able to catch it and move on with out restarting the recording.

One thing that I could have done to be better prepared was to read and research more about creating tables in html. Although the table was made to be dynamic using Java Script, the outline was made for html. By having more knowlegde on, and practice for creating tables in html I feel that I would have been able to complete this WOD without having to refer to the screen cast. 
