---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
date: 2022-4-19
labels:
---

   Assignment two focused on creating a login and registration screen after selecting products to buy, having users login or register to to the website inorder to reach the invoice. Another focus of assignment two was to have the data from selecting products to move with the user as they went traveled to through each page. Lastly, users would need to be able to edit their account information. More information on assignment two can be found<a href = "https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html"> here</a>.
 
  The two most important things that I learned from this assignment was passing transient data through multiple web pages by using a query string and manipulating JSON files by adding and removing information. Learning how to pass data using query strings will help me learn how to pass other forms of data other than just product information for an invoice. Learning how to add and remove information from a JSON file gives my an ability to create data bases, like the one used in the assignment to store user login information. 
  
  I did not work with a partner on this assignment. 
  
  When I needed help with this assignment I asked professor Port for help as well as classmates. One issue that I had was passing transient data using a query string. I had spent a lot of time trying to find a way to do it properly. I estimate that I had spent about 35 hours working on this assignment, and I feel that this was not enough time spent and should have spent more. About 5 hours was spent tyring to think about how I would do the assignemnt, about 15 was spent writing code and 15 was spent testing and debugging. 
  
  One thing that worked well with this project was starting earlier and giving my self more time than I did with assignemnt one. Another thing that worked well was asking for help earlier and not waiting until the last day to do so. Although I did start earlier, one thing that did not work was still not giving my self enough time to work on the assignment. If I could go back in time I would start earlier and ask for help sooner, because even with the time I gave my self, I still felt rushed and got stuck on problems for a long time. 
