---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Progress in Programming 
date: 2022-4-05
labels:
---

1.	My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
	I have improved my programming skills by working on a project step by step. By separating my work into sections I am able to make less mistakes than if I were to do it all one time. This also helps me identify mistakes easier and quicker. My skills have also improved just from what I had learned throughout the semester. Before taking this course, I was not as familiar with the material as I thought. This course has taught me so much and has challenge me improve my problem-solving skills.  

2.	I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
	To improve my programming skills, I would need to still improve on thinking of new ways to approach problems. I often find myself trying to fix problems with the same approach and does not work out. Continuing to do this leads to frustration and me not succeeding. 

3.	I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
	I feel that I was able to learn a lot from doing the WODs and was able to do most of them without having to watch the screencasts. The WODs helped me apply what I had learned in the labs, and by having to explain what I was doing gave me a better understanding of why I was doing the WOD. 

4.	The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
Completing the labs were a little more difficult to complete on my own, mainly because it is new material that could sometimes be hard to understand. Most of the time I would need to re-watch the lecture to better understand something that I might have missed. The screencast and readings do a good job at explaining the material and give insight into other ways to completing the lab rather than what was shown in the lecture. 

5.	I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
	Assignment 1 was a learning experience. I feel that it gave me skills that will be used in assignment 2 and has strengthened my confidence in completing it. 

6.	I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
	I think that one way to improve class is to propose having lectures be longer. It seems that every class there is always a rush to go through the material in the lab, and somethings could be missed. 

7.	What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
	One thing that helps me most is doing my best to understand something before trying. I learn the most from making mistakes but having the best understanding and gave me the knowledge to find a quick and the best solution. The most helpful for understanding the material was doing the WODs, by applying what was learned in class and readings, while having to explain what and why we are doing it gave me the best practice. 



