---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1: UI Basics Technical Essay
date: 2021-2-01
labels:
---

Overall, I felt that the WODs were a great learning experience. At first, I was confused about what exactly we were tasked, so I actually watched the screen cast first; this was only for BrowserHistory1. After watching the screen cast the written instructions made a lot more sense, so I re-attempted BrowserHistory1 with no guide. I did not record myself, and was not focused on the time, my only goal was to complete it without any help. I was able to complete fully by following the written instructions and decided to record myself. The first time I recorded myself I was able to complete it in under 25 minutes, but it was not my ideal time. I decided to record myself again and was able to do it in about 19 minutes. 
	BrowserHistory2 was the easiest of the three. I attempted it before watching the screen cast and was able to complete it. I then watched the screen cast and saw that I all my steps were correct, so I decided to record myself. I completed BroswerHistory2 in under five minutes. I think what made this WOD easy was that the instructions were very clear and there were not too many steps to it. 
	Out of the three, I had the most difficult time on BrowserHistory3. I did attempt it before watching the screen cast. After watching the screen cast, although my page came out to the correct result, my code was not the same as the screen cast. It was as though I was cutting corners and probably would have made things more difficult if we were to re-use this same code later down the line. The screen cast steps added a little more step to the and I kept having to refer back to in the middle of my recording, which is why my attempts are much higher than the first two (attempted five times, rather than three and two). 
	
